Continuation for IPSWeb testcases-20250609_103341-Meeting Recording
June 9, 2025, 5:33PM
16m 26s

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor started transcription

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   0:07
Starter yeah. Whenever you're ready.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   0:15
Did you want me to share my screen? Ranjith.
Or did you wanna take care of that?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   0:21
Can you try again on your? On your system? We'll see.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   0:24
Yeah, yeah, no problem.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   0:26
Will you change the customer unique ID and try? That should work.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   0:32
The customer unique ID you said something? Nope. OK.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   0:34
Yeah.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   0:38
Yeah. So we can make the admin configurations here.
Since it is not working the IBS admin for it and it's the similar concept where we change the the sponsor and we'll do KOA a change of address.
And we'll do the remote testing here remote rest.
The check device verify phone passcode, confirming it and even validating the link as well.
Right now it's configured to Experian.
Just to give you a quick recap, Experian would be the Peter Brown test.
User.
And that's what we'll be using here for check device.
Do you have these Jagan the like these requests?

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   1:33
Yeah, yeah, I have them, yes.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   1:35
OK, perfect.
Yeah, if you need us to ever resend, just let us know.
Now, look, I'm just gonna try this out. 'cause. I was having an issue last week. Hopefully.
We'll be working.
Now.
What what you would do is change the 1st last name and the unique ID.
E-mail can be adjusted and the address, so should address all the way down to zip code and mobile phone number, which would be your number.
265.
Keep this address.
Send it.
It requires additional proofing.
So after check device you would go to verify phone for the next step and you take customer unique ID, copy it and put it in the next.
Next one.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   2:46
Just one quick question, Brian.
So in the previous request, right?
So looks like we can even call the admin IBS admin from the postman.
Is that correct?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   3:00
Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
It's just simple configurations, which would be the the sponsor. So for cola you can also put like CR for customer Raj.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   3:02
What's the?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   3:09
Yeah, this is for changing the sponsors.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   3:14
Yeah.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   3:16
However, I see remote rest in the URL.
I'm very confused there.
So is it part of remotest or IDs admin?
Do you guys know?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   3:27
I mean, this is something that Emmert gave us during WAZ 9 testing, so he might have it might be just directly related to what he.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   3:30
OK.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   3:39
You know, I I guess made.
Like this IPS web.
I don't really have a full answer for you.
That's a good point.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   3:48
Yeah, no worries.
Yeah. I just wanted to make sure I will check on check with Emma.
Yeah, no worries. Thanks.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   3:54
OK.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   4:02
But however I need that Bran will will you able to send me those configurations request when you get a chance?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   4:08
Yeah, yeah, sure. No problem.
Slash phone. Now we'll do that.
And this is saying it was not verified yet, so I'm gonna have to request the passcode.
Think for Experian. It's not actually gonna send anything.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   4:39
So for the experience you will get any pass code.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   4:44
Right. So let me just hop over now to confirm passcode, because we know what it is.
It's 1111.
Same customer unique ID.
Yeah, and for some reason I'm I'm getting an error but but Ranjit tested it as well and he he got a successful response.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   5:10
Yeah, let me let me let me share my screen and try.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   5:14
Sure.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   5:22
Can you see my screen?

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   5:25
Yep.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   5:27
OK.
So let me try for change of address.
So basically.
So once this request is done, you will get this message response message.
Identify customer successfully verified.
I'll try once again for another customer unique ID.
I'm using Linda Davis UAT and Medium conference e-mail.
And if I send this.
Yeah, customer requires additional proofing and I'll verify the phone here.
Same customer unique ID.
That phone was not verified, so I'll request for passcode.
Not be sent to this customer because this configuration is not set for Experian.
So let me just confirm password.
So passcode for experience is all 111. If I click send.
Yeah. There you go. The customer 178412 is successfully verified.
So this is how we do change of address.
And the same thing, the same steps we'll do for Operation Santa for Operation Santa will just change sponsor code to OS.
And will perform the same steps.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   7:48
OK.
OK.
That makes sense.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   7:50
Yeah.
So basically we need to follow these test accounts for different vendors.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   7:53
At the moment.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   8:00
So that's how we retest it.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   8:07
Gonna try the operation center.
See if that works for me.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   8:13
Yeah, yeah, you can try operation Center.
Can you share your screen?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   8:17
Yeah.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   8:18
Yeah.
Yes.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   8:30
Change voucher code to OSI.
Just change the unique ID.
Linda Davis.
Requires additional proofing.
You.
Let's see.
It's not verified.
I missed it was operation incentive requiring a passcode or is it like Experian?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   9:21
Yes.
If it, if it is experienced, we'll not get pass code, so you can use the same one.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   9:27
OK, got you.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   9:32
You need to change the sponsor code.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   9:35
Oh yes.
Good catch.
Tim's gone.
I'm gonna have to look into a more.
Umm.
But do you have any questions Shagun?
Like, is it kind of a simple flow?

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   9:58
I mean, so Lil sounds like we just changed the sponsor code and.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   10:05
Mm hmm.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:05
The Everything else remains the same, right?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:09
Yeah.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:10
Yeah.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   10:12
Yeah, it just depends on the configuration that you have experienced.
LEXIS Nexus. Equifax.
Then you just make the information adjustments and always have a new, a new customer, unique ID and carry it with you throughout the process.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:30
So that unique ID.
Sorry, maybe I missed that part.
So you create a person from the UI and then use it here? Or is there a way you can create it from the post?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:42
No, it's just a random random unique number.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:46
Oh, it's just a random unit number.
It's not a person ID.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:48
Yeah.
No, no, no.
It's not a person ID.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   10:51
Right.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   11:00
Something to politely 0.
It was just something unique.
Does that have a specific length rajeet?
2.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   11:11
Uh, I'm not sure.
Can you just try?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   11:25
Mine is 11 characters.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   11:42
I have another question not related to remote proofing specifically, but.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   11:44
Mm hmm.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   11:49
When I look at IBS admin, there's so many configurations, right?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   11:54
Mm hmm.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   11:55
So do you guys know how they come into picture? You know, probably some of most of them belong to the in person proofing as well, right?
But you guys are mainly working on remote proofing, right?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   12:11
We work on inputs and as well there are some configurations to enable e-mail notifications and there are some configurations.
To set the.
Primary verification ID and secondary verification ID or some kind of in person proofing like.
Configuring Acceptance acceptable IDs like passport or any any IDs. I think IBS admin is not working right now.
So if it's working, I could have shown you on the UI.
Do do you have any idea on eb's tablets?
How do we perform the in person proofing?

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   12:57
Is there for for Jacob.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   12:58
Jayden yeah.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:00
Focused on remote proofing at the moment so.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:02
OK.
So basically, yeah, I'll just give you a quick walkthrough.
Let me share my screen.
So for in person proofing, first we'll generate some.
You remember on Friday?
We on the inform delivery we for one of the scenario we selected in person proofing and a barcode was generated.
Do you remember the chiran?

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:35
Yeah, yeah.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:38
Hello.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:39
Can you hear me, Ranjit?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:41
Yeah, I can hear you now.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   13:41
Yeah, we do, yeah.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:43
Yeah, I remember that.
So if the remote proofing fails so person can do the in person proofing.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:45
Stop.
Yeah, so that bar code we will, we will need to take that bar code to the any of the Postal office.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   13:51
Yeah, right.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:00
So what they do is they'll have a EBS device, EBS tablets.
They have an application there and they will enter that barcode number in that application. Tpe and the information will be pop retrieved.
So they'll have your all your first name last name details.
And in that process, you'll also have to show your.
Acceptable ID something like driver's license or passport.
So those kind of things you you can set up through IBS admin.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:35
OK.
So what kind of documents are accepted?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:37
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:45
Yeah, I think eventually probably when I'm getting familiarized, right?

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:45
Umm.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   14:51
Then I should.
Maybe I I don't know eventually, but even I don't wanna.
You know, step on too many boards at the same time, so get.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   15:02
Yeah, yeah. You'll get there. A lot of things.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   15:05
Yeah.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   15:06
So if you are like working on it, if you get some hands on, like if you get any tasks like while you are working, you'll get to know a lot of things.
And if you have any questions you can reach out to us as well.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   15:31
So I think, yeah.
So thanks for sharing the information.
Yeah, I have.
I feel very more confident now. You know how to test it from IPS web, so I will go through the sessions one more time. Probably I will recreate those and to get more familiarized so that any task that comes to me.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   15:49
OK.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   15:58
Yeah, that will help us.
Help me with this.
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you guys again.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   16:01
Yeah, yeah, sure.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   16:02
Yeah.

Rangineni, Ranjith Kumar - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor   16:03
Yeah, anytime. If you are stuck anywhere or if you have any questions you can like reach out to us, we can work together.

Knocik, Brian J - Washington, DC - Contractor   16:04
Change it.
Yep, definitely.
And that really was the last piece of this that we wanted to show you.

Kandada, Jagan M - Wilkes-Barre, PA - Contractor stopped transcription
